[Blair] I heard them call Viking
by a Russian name.
but I can't figure it out.
Comrade Siniyovich.
[Owen] Government advice here
is for Westerners
not to leave the city.
Previously on The Agency...
[Pruitt] If anything
takes you by surprise
in the field. there's
an 80% change that it's us.
-I don't know what I'm doing.
-I'm here. And I do.
[Henry]
You contacted Hassan Zamani?
I told you that getting in touch
with him was strictly forbidden.
[Danny]
Martian said he persuaded you.
[Martian]
Why am I being dismissed?
[Henry]
You didn't follow my orders.
[Martian]
Don't go up there. it's a mess.
We had a break-in.
Stay at your mom's tonight.
We haven't had an agent
high up in Iran in many years.
Gremlin stays on Zamani.
[Henry] You're back
in charge of Gremlin.
[Sami]
My job is to return to the west
and to tell everyone
they've got the situation
in Sudan all wrong.
[Martian] You need to access.
Snow White's cell phone.
Look for the word "Siniyovich."
[Blair]
It's Russian for "navy blue."
[Martian]
If you find Siniyovich.
there'll be video on Telegram
in an hour of Owen
getting his brain
smashed through his mouth.
♪ Tense music ♪
You've seen my face before?
No. No.
Don't lie to me.
Your sister. Robyn...
she showed me a picture of you
when you were a kid. That's it.
I don't know anything.
-Please. just...
-That's not the first time
you saw my face. and I want you
to think long and hard
before you answer.
Because I've seen yours
before. too.
[Pruitt] We lost tracking.
Switch over
to the GPS in his boot.
All right. Heading south
towards Kaga-Bandoro.
All right. what about
your AU special forces units?
Could they intercept?
[Pruitt] Last report. they were
hit hard in the kidnap.
Need time to regroup.
Valhalla moves in convoy.
Given the hardware
the Russians have in country.
they won't be a soft target.
Mm. Air support?
[Pruitt] Nothing less
than two hours away.
Air to ground puts Owen
at even more risk. not less.
What about the guys
who sheep-dogged them in?
[Pruitt]
They're a few minutes away.
They could intercept.
but that blows their cover.
They're our only assets
on the ground.
Two men against
an armored column?
Odds aren't great. but
these two are highly capable.
[Bosko] What's your call?
This my call?
[scoffs] It's mine.
I want your opinion.
Well. is the question if
I'd risk two valuable operators
in a last-ditch attempt
to save one of ours?
[officer] Crossbow and Paris
are five minutes ahead
of the convoy on the road.
If Owen enters a compound.
we lose him.
No.
Stand down...
[sighs] Crossbow and Paris.
So we abandon Owen?
When a mission goes bad.
it's our job to call it.
Hail Mary Time.
♪ "Love is Blindness"
by Jack White playing ♪
♪ Love is blindness ♪
♪ I don't want to see ♪
♪ Won't you wrap the night ♪
♪ Around me ♪
♪ Oh. my heart ♪
♪ Love is blindness ♪
♪ Blindness ♪
♪ I don't want to see ♪
♪ Won't you wrap the night ♪
♪ Around me. yeah ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ My love ♪
♪ Love is blindness ♪
♪ Oh. love is blindness ♪
♪ Oh. blow out the candle ♪
♪ Blindness ♪
[insects chittering]
[men shouting in distance]
[birdsong]
[gate bangs opens]
[gate closes]
[footsteps approaching]
-[zip ties cut]
-[gasps]
-[sighs]
-[can opens]
You've seen Apocalypse Now?
[short chuckle] Yeah.
Swim upriver. find the devil.
[chuckles]
Congratulations. You found him.
Look... [clears throat. coughs]
I-I don't know
who you think I am.
but I'm just a nurse.
I came to this country
with Robyn
to work for an NGO.
We're volunteers
with a medical aid charity
out of Bangui.
I have their number.
Y-You want to call them?
[Viking] Mm.
♪ Sinister music ♪
What? No.
Those aren't even mine.
Those aren't mine.
Those aren't mine. Those...
W-We were on the road. I...
Those-those aren't... No.
those aren't even my boots. I...
I don't know what that is.
These gang members...
they stole my shoes.
They gave me those boots.
I don't know what that is.
That's not mine.
Please. you have... Look.
Vernon. you have to believe me.
This is just a mistake.
Please. please.
This is a mistake.
[Owen] No. Oh. God.
Vernon. don't do this.
Jesus. Please. God.
No. Vernon. don't do this.
You don't have to do this.
Please.
Please. don't do this.
Stop. stop. stop. stop.
Wait. wait. wait.
Wait. wait. Wait. Vernon. look.
Talk to me. Talk to me.
Look at me. Look at me.
Look at me. I'm begging you!
Stop!
No! Don't do this.
-Stop! No. don't do this.
-[Viking] Shut the fuck up!
[muffled shouting]
Stop! Wait. stop.
[phone vibrates]
[grunting] No.
No. Stop. Stop.
[grunting]
[Viking]
You a lucky motherfucker.
You're going home in one piece.
More or less.
[screaming]
[birdsong]
[vehicles approaching]
♪ Suspenseful music ♪
♪♪
[Viking] You okay?
Yeah. I'm okay.
The American.
Is he alive?
♪♪
[gasps]
♪
-He's alive. We have him.
-[gasping. murmuring]
-HMT.
-[Henry chuckles]
[Bosko chuckles] Oh!
[quiet. indistinct chatter]
[conversing indistinctly]
-[keypad beeps]
-[door opens]
What's wrong?
Good job. Blair. Great thinking.
Well. it was Martian.
I should have listened to you.
Is Owen okay?
He's alive.
Is he okay? Is he hurt?
They're doing everything
they can to help him.
What does that mean?
It means they're working
to stabilize him
so he can come home.
And he's coming home
thanks to you.
♪ Haunting music ♪
-[keypad beeps]
-[door opens]
I'm here to see Jim Bradley.
[security guard]
I'll need your cell phone.
then I can get you
a visitors pass issued.
-[elevator bell chimes]
-[doors open]
Follow me.
[indistinct chatter]
-It's good to have you back.
-Thanks.
[Bosko] Hey. [sighs]
-That was a rough one.
-Yeah.
You did good. Martian. As usual.
Is that why you fired me?
See?
I told you that he would
have a sense of humor
about this.
Henry.
Any news on Owen?
Yeah. he's at St. Tobias.
Lost his right leg at the knee.
Sorry to hear that.
Yeah.
Henry?
You want to say something?
Not really.
but I guess I have no choice.
I called for your execution.
Bosko favors resurrection.
He trusts you. I do not.
Wow. you really
sugarcoated that. didn't you?
Yes.
Yeah. [sighs]
All right. I can't hire you back
to your old job.
There was a clear
breach of protocol.
but you saved Coyote and Owen.
and your steer on Hassan Zamani
is proving prescient.
If insubordinate.
Iran is
expanding its nuclear program.
[clears throat]
The rate of production
for uranium enriched to 60%
is being significantly increased
at their underground facility.
Fordow?
Yeah. Under the mountain.
The Iranians are not racing
ahead like this
-to stockpile.
-Which. in and of itself.
has no credible
civilian justification.
Yeah. Langley thinks that
there's a timeline
to a detonation.
[Henry]
Majid Zamani. Hassan's father.
is the main advisor
on the expansion.
Getting closer to him
is the game.
So I was right.
-Yes.
-Then fired.
Well. why don't we
just say transferred?
[Henry] Listen. I want
to make it clear that I'd fought
tooth and nail
to prevent this outcome.
but I accept it
only under the condition
that I never
work with you again.
Can I talk to you alone?
-Fuck off.
-Henry.
-Take a walk.
-No. thanks.
All right. Your emotional
outburst has been noted.
Now give us five minutes.
-[door closes]
-Sit down.
-This won't work.
-[short chuckle]
Okay. What do you want?
My job back.
with Henry's support.
The first. I can do.
Let's face it. you never looked
right sitting behind a desk.
So. what's my official status?
-Who am I working for?
-[chuckles]
You worried about
Blue Cross Blue Shield?
-Your pension?
-Well. as you know. sir.
-it's always been my focus.
-I'll cut a deal. You stay alive
long enough to draw a...
a penny. I'll cover it.
What's the mission?
Find the fucker
who crippled Owen.
♪ Intriguing music ♪
Pick a team.
Maximum resources.
I'll need full access
to agency files.
All assets in the CAR Clearance
to run sources in Antwerp.
and a signals package
from the boys in the basement.
Congratulations. Brandon.
You're officially a ghost.
[Rahman] The Sudanese people
are suffering because of your
side's refusal to negotiate.
[Khalid] You want to talk
about negotiation?
Right now. right now. in Sudan.
17.7 million people
are facing acute starvation.
This man is an RSF stooge.
angling for a position
in Hemedti's government if
he comes to power. You support
criminals guilty of genocide.
You parrot
your General Hemedti's lies.
You are a paid liar.
Is Dr. Samia Zahir a paid liar?
No. Dr. Zahir is a respected
ally of her people.
Experience has taught me that...
Sudan's greatest hope
lies in dialogue.
The route to peace...
must recognize the leadership
of General Hemedti and the RSF.
I believe that. today.
Mr. Rahman
represents a way forward.
A more comprehensive
and moderate one.
My release
shows that the RSF
and their allies
have humanitarianism at heart.
♪ Somber music ♪
[indistinct chatter]
♪ Thoughtful music ♪
[Naomi] Things have moved fast
since you were last in Tehran.
The Popeye file
has just become category one.
Lots of eyes on.
His father is frontrunner
for a top job. What do you do?
Define strategy
for a targeted recruitment.
[Naomi] Build in on his
ambitions. his dreams. hopes.
and expectations.
What are his weaknesses?
Fears? Hidden vulnerabilities?
-You came back.
-Of course.
[Naomi]
Now. without exposing yourself.
focus efforts on getting closer.
[speaks Farsi]
[Naomi] We already know
he's interested in you.
With no girlfriend in the way.
this will become an issue.
so control it.
Control him. Be ruthless.
You're already close.
now we open him up.
He's yours for the taking.
I warn you.
I'm a very bad loser.
That's too bad.
What do you say when you win.
again? Pasour?
You say nothing when you win.
Nothing.
I thought you said
you never played before.
Beginner's luck.
[laughing] No.
Nu-uh. Uh-uh. No.
-No.
-Tickle. tickle. tickle.
No! [screams] Stop! Stop!
♪ Pensive music ♪
[door closes in distance]
[Majid] Hassan?
-Wait for me outside.
-Got it.
[conversing in Farsi]
[door opens]
[Bosko] So. how much
have you seen of Henry.
lately?
As I'm sure you know. we've
been working closely together
on something sensitive.
Okay. Honest opinion.
This row with Martian...
what do you make of it?
That it's just that...
a row. a...
disagreement.
The question is
why is Henry elevating it
to the status of a betrayal?
Honestly. it seems
-most out of character.
-Go on.
Well. if I didn't know better.
I'd say it looks like something
performative's going on.
Performative?
What does that mean?
Henry may be blowing this up
for a reason.
That reason would be
that he's concealing
something himself.
Hm.
All right.
I want you to bring him in.
fully assess him.
Under the current circumstances.
Henry's not gonna
like that at all.
[scoffs] Good.
Use it.
♪ Uneasy music ♪
The last months
have tested my strength.
but they have also shown me
the power
of international solidarity.
[light knocking]
Henry wants to see you.
Come in.
-[door closes]
-Any news on Owen?
They operated this morning.
Anyone been to see him?
I'm gonna ask you
a number of questions.
Of course. your answers
are being recorded.
Am I under investigation?
When you transferred
off Gremlin.
did you break protocol
and ask anyone
on the Iran desk
for classified information
you should not
have had access to?
-You clearly know I did.
-So you confirm this?
Yes.
Did anyone ask you to do this?
No.
I got bumped off. I wanted
to know what was going on.
Did you share information
with anyone
inside or outside
this department?
Henry.
Answer the question.
This is me.
No. I did not.
I would not. Ever.
What was your motive
for breaking protocol?
I saw what Martian was doing.
What was he doing?
He replaced me as handler
to gain direct access
to Gremlin.
then he retargeted her.
Why would he do that?
Is what I would like to know.
That was your sole motive
for breaking protocol?
We had an agent in the field.
I was worried she was
about to be put at risk.
I was right.
Do you trust Martian?
-I don't have hard evidence...
-Do you trust him?
No.
♪ Foreboding music ♪
Did you know Samia Zahir
is back in London?
Yes.
Did you know the NGO
she's working for
is publicly backed by the UAE
and not so publicly
by British intelligence?
So?
So. did the Brits
work her release?
If so. why?
For whom?
If I have any further questions.
I'll call you in.
[Naomi clears throat]
There is one person
in this office
I see spending more and more
time with Martian.
Hey. I'm the Arabic assistant
for the meeting at one o'clock.
I just need you
to sign this. please.
Sure.
GHRA provide a trauma support
network for survivors
of war crimes.
We can connect you
with other Sudanese
who've been through
imprisonment and interrogation.
Now. we should warn you
that elements from the conflict
may try to contact you
here in London.
If that happens. we can organize
legal and physical protections.
Now. we've red-flagged
a few Sudanese nationals
that we know
to be operating in London.
Has anyone on this list
approached you?
Do you recognize anyone here?
That man.
Osman Abdel-Aziz.
He contacted you here?
In Khartoum. I saw him.
We want to help you. Samia.
Perhaps if I might have
a moment alone?
We'll take a break. come back.
[door opens]
[door closes]
[papers rustling]
[pen clicks]
My number.
[pen scratching]
-[pen clicks]
-Call me anytime.
Just say you want to know when
you can pick up
your black dress.
♪ Quiet music ♪
I'll hang up and come find you.
Where's Simon?
Uh. Crisis Room 2.
I need to see all phone
movements over the last year.
Searchable by date.
location. or individual.
Is that possible?
Sure. They don't shout about it.
but we collect
on all employees. Uh...
It's not a complete data set.
I can build it out
if you need to drill down.
Here.
[sighs] House to office.
Office to house.
In out. in out.
Week in. Week out.
Uh. weekends to his wife's
country house.
Last summer.
Cornwall.
That would be me.
Send a link to my office.
[laptop chimes]
[Robyn over recording] They're
not kin. We are. Mama and me.
[Viking] How's Mama?
[Robyn] Not good.
Getting sicker.
It's getting out of control.
[Viking] I'll pray for her.
Look. stay strong. I got to go.
That's a code.
"It's out of control"
means they ID'd you.
"Not good"
means they're onto me.
Viking knew right from the jump
someone was listening in.
Which was his cue to switch
to the secret channel
of communication.
The chat on the dog site
started the next day.
When Snow White
was first approached by Owen.
did she make him right away?
Or was it in the bar.
when her mother asked questions?
Either way.
Snow White is briefed
to pull on the thread.
She meets with Owen. Calls
her brother. Uses the code.
It's getting out of control.
[Martian]
She knows her phone is tapped.
Viking has warned her.
"They'll follow you.
Surveil you. Tap your phones.
even the burners."
He knows he's being
targeted by Owen.
Tells his sister.
"Play the game."
Someone wants to trap me.
I'll get him first.
Bring him to me. You want
to play games? Let's play.
Lure me to some barn.
use my sister as bait.
Fine.
So long as they think they're
one step ahead."
He could have acted earlier.
but he waited.
Viking knew we'd never
leave our agent behind.
He plays chess.
It's in Owen's first report.
Played for years
since high school.
Played for a club
in the Marines.
♪ Hypnotic music ♪
This guy's like us.
Trained by professionals.
Not some crazy vet gone rogue.
That's where he came from.
it isn't where he is now.
This man
is an intelligence officer.
My guess:
GRU. Moscow Center trained.
Highly skilled
in the art of manipulation.
And he's running
a sophisticated.
large-scale. international op.
turning diamonds
into geopolitical control.
-And the best part is...
-[Bosko] If any of this
becomes public. they can reveal
that he was born in the USA.
and this whole thing
was our black op
to mess up
a poor African country.
-It's a hell of a play.
-[Bosko chuckles]
Genius.
I wish it was us.
♪ Contemplative music ♪
[keypad beeps]
Why don't you. uh.
go have some coffee?
I'm good.
I've had. like. four cups.
Go get some fucking coffee.
[keypad beeps]
Pull up Martian's phone
the day we got Coyote back.
Why would it disappear here.
by Lincoln's Inn Fields?
The tube?
Uh. it works on the tube.
Get the CCTV
one hour either side
of every time he goes in and out
of that park.
Have you thought about just
doing what your father asks?
You're actually lucky.
you know that. right?
You have a father.
He thinks about you.
Worries about your future.
takes care of you.
Controls me. uses me.
-ignores me.
-[scoffs]
Forget it. I'm just...
You know.
I have to do stuff on my own.
Would be nice to have someone
to nag me or ask a favor of me.
♪ Tense music ♪
Your dad gives you a lot and
doesn't ask for much in return.
That's... that's anyone's
definition of love.
[door opens]
-Hey.
How you doing? You okay?
How am I doing?
[sighs] How am I doing?
[sighs] I'm here. right? So...
Oh. I solved your riddle.
What riddle?
Siniyovich.
It means "Deep Blue."
It's like the computer
that beat Kasparov.
What's the face?
What face?
That. It's-it's...
Stop. It's creepy.
Something Martian taught me.
I'm covering my feelings.
I don't want them to bother you.
Oh. come on. [sighs]
You look like you're having
a stroke. Blair.
Just show me how you feel.
I'm not lying here pretending
what happened to me
didn't happen.
Do something.
Scream. Cry.
Hit me. Whatever. anything.
[knocking]
-Come in.
-[door opens]
Oh. Sir.
Hi. Owen.
Could we have a minute?
Sure.
[door opens]
-[door closes]
-[sighs]
-How you doing?
-[soft chuckle]
Good.
Have me on morphine.
so I wouldn't trust my answers.
[clears throat]
I want you to know that
we had an option
to send in a rescue unit.
And?
We decided against it.
-I decided against it.
-Mm.
So. you're the one
to blame for this.
-Owen. I. uh...
-Stop.
Come on.
Can I at least take
some of the blame for this?
I've had two missions.
and so far.
I've lost all credibility.
all self-respect
and a fucking leg.
Do you remember
speaking with Martian
the morning of the day
we freed Coyote?
He called me from his bike
and we ran the plan.
He was on the call
when he got hit.
Do you recall
where he was coming from?
Lincoln's Inn.
Did he say what
he was doing there?
He was m-meeting with a lawyer.
Why? What happened?
Did I mess something else up
I don't know about yet?
No. no. no. no. no.
No. you did great.
I'm the reason you're...
in this hospital bed.
♪ Mournful music ♪
But you're alive thanks...
thanks to Martian.
Get well. Owen.
Thank you. sir.
[door opens]
[door closes]
-Hey.
-You stayed.
Yeah. I. uh.
left my bag and coat in here.
And I. uh.
wanted to say goodbye.
-Okay.
-Yeah.
Bye.
♪ Hopeful music ♪
What?
You know. when I thought
you weren't coming home.
I thought about how much
I was gonna miss you.
Was it a lot?
[chuckles]
[sniffles] Okay.
Blair.
Besides the leg.
everything else still works.
Copy that.
[indistinct chatter]
Oh. Excuse me.
I'm looking for room 340.
rehabilitation physio.
Dr. Alison Bell.
Dr. Bell?
No. she used to be here.
but she's mainly
private practice now.
Harley Street.
My mistake. Thank you.
♪ Mysterious music ♪
♪♪
[door opens]
[door closes]
-Hey.
-Hello.
Are you okay?
I'm fine. What do you mean?
Are you joking?
Dad. the last time I saw you.
you were. like...
-What?
-This place is fucking weird.
You know me.
I like to keep a clean ship.
Besides. I smashed it up.
so it's really
the least I can do.
Hm. You aren't gonna keep
telling me it was a break-in?
That's progress.
What happened
to all the broken shit?
In the closet.
Do I dare ask why
you smashed up your own flat?
Bad day at work?
♪ Thoughtful music ♪
-Amazing.
-[chuckles] What?
Someone could walk in here
and see that smile
and think that
nothing was wrong.
The last time I was here. this
place was smashed to pieces.
and now it's all in the closet.
Out of sight. hidden.
Look. you're right.
I got too good at hiding stuff.
But it's not all broken.
Not all of it.
[speaking Farsi]
♪ Ominous music ♪
[grunting. screaming]
[knocking]
[Osman] Samia.
Ya Osman.
[Sami grunting. crying]
♪ Uneasy music ♪
[door closes]
[crying]
[line ringing]
Hi. this is Samia Zahir.
I dropped a black dress off
with you.
I wanted to know. uh.
when it would be ready.
[Blair] Sure. What's the name?
Dr. Samia Zahir.
It'll be ready
later this afternoon.
Should we let you know?
Yes. please.
Thank you.
♪ Unsettling music ♪
[clears throat]
[Bosko] I want Owen
to hear this conversation.
We got sent a very clear signal.
It was Moscow Center
talking to this station.
directly.
using maximum
aggression and force.
How do we respond?
Drones won't work.
He moves around.
his itinerary is unpatterned.
hides behind civilians.
Makes his calls from schools.
clinics. markets.
Military action
would be an obvious
and undeniable escalation.
What we need is covert.
Viking's... on alert now.
He knows he's in play.
I won't send in another agent.
[sighs]
Risk is too high.
There's one pattern in his life
he won't interrupt.
The diamonds.
Flow of diamonds out
and the money in.
Now. we find a Trojan horse
in that operation.
and we walk in a bomb.
[knocking]
Jesus. What happened
to your hand?
Would you believe I saved
a whole school bus of kids
from going over a cliff?
No.
I did it.
Kissed the hand of the devil.
Then I beat up
my own reflection.
fucked up my hand.
Felt better.
Ah. you could have glass
in these cuts.
Just wait one second.
My father is spineless.
He should have thought of
another way to keep his position
with the mullahs.
You did what you had to do.
Your father will respect that.
Already has.
He offered me a job
working for him.
His right hand man
on some big project.
W-Will you take it?
My father reeks
of disappointment.
frustration.
He wanted an
international position:
the U.N..
advisor to some foreign
oil company. whatever.
He never got one.
It's pathetic.
And now...
I'm just as pathetic.
I don't think you're pathetic.
Why are you so nice to me?
Well. I like you.
You think I'm a fake.
[chuckles]
Not fake.
More like...
-Like what?
-A pineapple.
-[chuckles] What?
-[laughs]
A pineapple.
All tough and spiky on
the outside. but underneath...
sweet.
♪ Eerie music ♪
♪♪
[Danny moans]
[Danny] Expansion at Fordow
mountain base to be led
by Iranian president's advisor
Majid Zamani.
Today. I confirm his intention
to involve Popeye
in restricted
decision-making meetings.
Expect Popeye to take on
this role imminently.
and therefore have access
to relevant information.
Recruiting Popeye
is a possibility
based on his mixed feelings
towards his father
and his strong desire to see
his country rejoin the modern.
globalized economy.
post-sanctions.
Popeye will be keen
to achieve a status
that his father coveted
but never obtained.
Well. this must be a surprise.
Uh. no. it's not.
Come on. cut the crap.
We both know why we're here.
Do we?
Bosko ordered me
just before he ordered you.
Do you know why he requested
your evaluation?
Because I disagreed with him.
Or because he sees you
struggling to cope.
Well. my father didn't love me.
A-And yes. before you say it.
I distrust this process.
-I'd rather be waterboarded.
-[sighs]
Pull my fucking
fingernails already.
This isn't an interrogation.
-Henry.
-It isn't? [scoffs]
Now look who doesn't understand
why they're here.
Okay. so... [chuckles]
To save us a month or two.
may I jump in here
-with a firm steer?
-That would be great.
There exists a belief
-that you harbor...
-W-W...
-[sighs]
-There exists a belief?
That you harbor feelings
of personal hostility
towards colleagues you imagine
threaten your authority.
your ability to lead.
Perhaps your superiority.
How do you feel
when you hear that?
Like the last guy
in a suicidal death cult...
who refuses
to drink the Kool-Aid.
Like...
maybe 37 years of diligent
and dangerous public service
wasn't such a good idea.
♪ Suspenseful music ♪
[elevator bell chimes]
[indistinct chatter]
[typing]
[elevator doors close]
[phone vibrates]
[Blair] It's Blair. Can we meet?
I'm out of the office.
It's important.
Where?
Southwark Cathedral.
South transept.
Give me 20 minutes.
♪♪